---
title: September 2021
date: 2021-09-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2021
lastmod: '2021-09-05T08:16:49.811Z'
---
### Long Service Awards awarded April-July 2021
#### 20 year

Anita Kelly  
Claire Rahman  
Gillian Hoggarth  
Jacqueline Chaston  
Joanne Sear  
Pat Goodrich  
Rachael Harrington  
Stephanie  
Tina Evans  
Tina Bailey  

#### 10 year
Alice Hildrop  
Anna James  
Bekki Olah  
Beth Chilton  
Carly Jane Singleton  
Diane Small  
Elizabeth Pavlik  
Fiona Kessell-Holland  
Gloria Greener  
Janet Spooner  
Judith Bell  
Kathryn Shepherdson  
Katie Waite  
Lisa Chaplin  
Lucinda Bozier  
Natalie Sealy  
Pippa Gomar  
Rebecca Keen  
Samantha Pavlik  
Sooze Brown  
Sophie Ben Taieb  

#### 5 year
Abi Edwards  
Abi Smith  
Alicia Campkin  
Amy Sherar  
Anna Bex-Martin  
Benji Lanzkron  
Beth Ladley-Ellmers  
Charlotte Day  
Claire Harvey  
Cliff Lee  
Danielle Jones  
Dayna Cripps  
Del Ford  
Gemma Berridge  
Grace Harrington  
Issy Short  
Joanna Cunnington  
Kayleigh Plumb  
Kerrie Dommett  
Lauren Whittaker  
Leonie Brady  
Lisa Joy Waldock  
Lucy Park  
Lucy Throp  
Lydia Barton  
Naomi Eaton  
Natalie Mackrell  
Rebecca Stevens  
Rosie Proctor  
Ruth Johnson  
Sharon Jackson  
Stephanie Fox  
Tara Mangan  
Valerie Morgan  
Vanessa Randall  
Victoria Bennett  

### Recognised Prior Learning for Safe Space Level 3 – Suspended
Please be aware that the **suspension of recognised prior learning** for A Safe Space Level 3 is now in force, pending a review. _There is currently no alternative to completing the Girlguiding training._

### DBS Extension Period Ended - Membership Withdrawal Process Started
Due to the impact of the pandemic any DBS checks that were due to be started or renewed between
March 2020 and 1st  May 2021 were given an extension. The extension period for these DBS checks
ended on the **1st September 2021.**

Any volunteer who was given this extension, and whose DBS has not been submitted on the DBS
site, has now entered the final stage of compliance. This means their membership may be
withdrawn/refused. “Submitted” means that the ID checks have been done, the online form has been
completed and you are awaiting the result.

Going forward all DBS checks must be completed within 4 months. If this is the volunteers first DBS,
the period starts the day it is requested. If a volunteer is renewing their DBS the period starts 4
months before their current DBS expires. If a DBS is not completed within the given time period the
volunteer will enter the final stage of compliance and their membership may be withdrawn/refused.

If there are mitigating circumstances for not being able to complete by the required date, you can
apply to have these taken into account. The request should be submitted at the earliest opportunity
by the volunteer or their Commissioner. Please contact Sheila Hill or Jenny Maskrey for more
information on how to apply.

### Current Covid-19 guidance
The Covid-19 guidance has recently been updated on the Girlguiding website. Please read the up-
to-date information on [https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/](https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/)

### Current Risk Assessments
Please continue to use the Covid-19 risk assessment when guiding. If you have had a face to face risk
assessment signed off by your commissioner already, you don’t need to resubmit another risk
assessment for sign off unless: 

1. This is your first time meeting face to face since March 2020.
2. There has been a big change in circumstance ie a change to your venue or you’re planning to
move from outdoor to indoor guiding. Remember, you should still review it regularly yourself
even if it’s been signed off to make sure it reflects any changes in guidance too.

Full information can be found here: [https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/meetings-during-covid-19/indoor-meetings/](https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/meetings-during-covid-19/indoor-meetings/)

### Historic Roles, Missing Qualifications and Service
If you have any missing volunteer roles or qualifications on your GO record, we are being given
another opportunity to add these. We don’t have long as any request needs to be with the HQ
Membership Systems team by 30 th November. Roles, in particular can change the amount of service
that you have gained.

Email HQ on [membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk](mailto:membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk) For roles they will need to know your membership number, role held, name of unit/district/division, level number (if known) and start and end date. For qualifications they need to know your membership number, name of qualification and start and completion dates. Please copy any email to [membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk](mailto:membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) and [cc@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk](mailto:cc@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) so that Sheila and Jenny are aware. If you need any help please contact Sheila in the first instance.
