---
title: November 2021
date: '2021-10-29T19:42:33.518Z'
year: 2021
lastmod: '2021-10-29T19:42:33.518Z'
---

### Bank Accounts – Single Signature Authorisation and Debit Cards 

All units and levels must have a bank account and keep the cash in hand they hold outside the account to a minimum. Your bank account must be in your unit or level’s name. You must have at least three named signatories. Two are needed to agree and authorise all payments in advance of a purchase, but only one signatory needs to make a transaction at the point of purchase. You must never make a payment without another signatory approving it in advance. 

Units should have two signatories from within the unit. The third signatory should ideally come from elsewhere, for example, your local guiding district or division – but signatories must not be related to, or in a relationship with, any of the other signatories. If a signatory doesn’t already have a role in Girlguiding, you should record them on GO as a unit administrator. They must have a DBS check and A Safe Space Level 1 training. 

**You can use online banking and debit cards. One signatory can make a transaction as long as another signatory has approved it in advance. Credit cards are not allowed, and you must not sign blank cheques.**

You must share your bank account details with all members who need them, including the leadership team and your local commissioner. Make sure to include your bank’s name, your account number and sort code, the names of your bank mandate signatories and where you keep your bank’s associated documents and or cheque books. Cheque books, debit cards, and prepaid cards must be kept secure to prevent unauthorised usage.
