---
title: April 2021
date: 2021-04-01
---
### Revision of Unit Roles
HQ has carried out a review of unit roles and they will be introducing changes over the next couple of months. Commissioners should already have received an email making them aware of this. Anybody affected by these changes should receive a communication on 6th April.

There will be some new role descriptions that encompass a group of roles previously considered as separate. Some roles will now need a DBS where it was not required before and some will have a change to the membership requirement (mandatory or optional) which may have an implication for the payment of annual subscription.
<ul>
 	<li>Leaders, Assistant Leaders and Leaders in Training role descriptions will be merged. There is no change to the requirement for a DBS or mandatory membership. All these roles will eventually require Safe Space Level 3, although this is not yet mandatory it is strongly recommended. As there will be no change to the roles themselves, there will be no direct communication about this.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Unit Helpers, Unit Occasional Helpers and Unit Residential Occasional Helpers will now all become known as Unit Helpers. They will need a DBS, membership will be mandatory and Safe Space Levels 1 and 2 will be required. Changes to Unit Residential Occasional Helper roles will be made by HQ during April/May. Changes to Unit Occasional Helper roles should be made locally, after discussion with the volunteer, unit and commissioner. The volunteer will then have 120 days from creation of their new role, for completion of a DBS and the Safe Space requirements.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Unit Administrators and Unit Treasurers will now all become known as Unit Administrators. They will need a DBS, membership will be optional and Safe Space Level 1 will be required. Changes to these roles will be made by HQ during April/May.  Unit Administrators will need to complete a DBS as soon as possible and will have the same compliance deadline as those currently in the system awaiting renewals (120 days from 4th May).</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>The Unit Supporting Member role is being retired and all existing individuals will be transferred to become District or Division Supporting Members. Changes to these roles will be made by HQ during April/May. If an alternative role is considered more appropriate, this can be changed locally.</li>
</ul>
If your role is changing, please be assured that there will be no change to your responsibilities, and you will not be asked to take on any additional tasks. If you are concerned about a change in your role, please contact your commissioner or me and we will do our best to answer any questions.

### DBS Compliance
From 4 May 2021 the disclosure check compliance process will restart.

Everyone whose disclosure check has expired, and those whose roles have changed in the upcoming revision of unit roles and who now require a DBS, will have 120 days to complete their disclosure checks. Please try to arrange these as soon as you able but remember that you must still follow social distancing rules.

### First Response – Covid Update
Volunteers whose 1st Response course has expired since 16 March 2020 can continue to act as a first aider at a unit meeting provided they have attended the full 6-hour virtual training course.

Volunteers will then have 6 months from when face-to-face training resumes to complete the practical skills session

The 1st Response course should be marked on GO as ‘In Progress’ once the virtual training has been attended and marked as ‘Complete’ once a trainer has approved this through a face-to-face skills check session. The 'completed on' date in GO should be the date you attended the main 6-hour training session or the date you attended the third of the three 2-hour sessions. Your 1st Response training will expire three years from this date, not from the date you complete the practical skills session.

<em>This will not apply for those who have never completed first aid training or for residential events.</em>

### Commissioners – Risk Assessment Tracker (Face-to-face Guiding Tab)
Please could commissioners review and update the tracker for units who have had risk assessments signed off for indoor and/or outdoor guiding. This is extremely useful in showing us how many risk assessments are being signed off and giving us an overview of how things are progressing in the county. Please, then, continue to complete the tracker as part of the sign off process.

### Leaders – Current Offer Tracker (Current Offer Tab)
Please could Leaders review and update the offer tracker. This helps us to see what is being offered to members, so that we can provide volunteers and young members with any support they may need.

## Coronavirus Latest Update from Girlguiding – No limit on group sizes
Latest information on Coronavirus, updated on 31st March can be found here: <a href="https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/coronavirus-keeping-safe/</a>