---
title: January 2021
date: 2021-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2021
lastmod: '2022-01-01T10:32:53.561Z'
---
### Safe Space

Thank you to everyone for all their help in getting as many people as possible to complete their Safe Space trainings before the 31 December 2020 deadline. All those who were non-compliant by 10pm on the 31<sup>st</sup>, unless I had been notified that they had been granted an extension or had sent information up to HQ, had their roles deactivated to avoid the possibility of the withdrawal of their membership and a 3 year sanction from active guiding.

If you or someone you know has had their role deactivated and wish to carry on in guiding, their role can be reinstated just as soon as they are ready to do the training.

<strong>1 January 2021 changes now in force</strong>

<strong>All volunteers must have the appropriate levels of A Safe Space training for their role</strong>. New volunteers will have to complete Level 1 before they’re made active. If they then need additional levels they will have 120 days to complete these.

Please note that this is a rolling programme so check when your training expires and make sure you renew it in time. The 120 days also applies to renewals and existing volunteers changing roles. <strong>Commissioners</strong> – please keep your eye on these as there are already some with expiry dates in January. The date on the Safe Space tables is the start of the 120 days. Reminders will be sent from this date and the trainings need to be done <strong>before</strong> the expiry date.

<strong>Safe Space Level 3 </strong>holder must be present at all meetings, including virtual. If there is no-one available to cover this then a meeting <strong>must not</strong> take place.

<strong>Going Away With License Holders </strong>must have valid A Safe Space Levels 1, 2 and 3 when using their licence. All other attendees in a leadership role must have at least Levels 1 and 2.

<strong>1<sup>st</sup> Response refresher courses </strong>will no longer be offered or accepted. All 1<sup>st</sup> Response trainings will be full 6-hour courses using the new syllabus plus the new 1<sup>st</sup> Response e-learning. A course (internal or external) completed after 1 November 2020 will not be valid without the e-learning.
