---
title: March 2021
date: 2021-03-01
year: 2021
---
### Safe Space - Renewal
As volunteers come up for renewal please remember that the compliance process is ongoing so volunteers will need to complete the training <strong>before</strong> the renewal date.

### Safe Space - New Listing/Download Added to GO
New Young Leaders or returning volunteers will need to complete Level 1 <strong>before</strong> their role will become active. If they need additional levels, they will receive an email telling them what they need to complete.

There is now a new listing under Safe Practice &gt; A Save Space &gt; Active pending roles needing A Safe Space Level 1 which shows these people and includes Young leaders who were not being listed anywhere else.

### Virtual Starter Forms
Small changes have been made to the information that is collected on the virtual new starter form. Please make sure that you download forms from the website each time you need them so that you always use the latest form. A link from the virtual new starter form has been added to the new starter forms on the website to make it easier for you to ask parents/carers to complete these when lockdown restrictions are eased.

### Unit Offer Tracker on GO
There is a new tab under the unit name on GO called ‘current offer’. This can be completed so that your commissioner can track what units are offering girls, for example, face-to-face indoors, face-to-face outdoors or virtual guiding. This is not compulsory but will help your commissioner know what’s happening and where support might be appreciated. When lockdown starts to ease, remember to check the latest guidance and inform your commissioner as you may need your commissioner to sign off your risk assessment before you can meet.

### 1st Response Validity - Covid
There is no set time limit between completing your virtual 1st Response training and doing your practical skills check with a trainer. If circumstances allow it would be good if they could be done within three months of each other. The virtual part of the course will not expire. Attending in-person skills checks with trainers can be done when the current restrictions ease and when individuals feel comfortable to run and attend these sessions.

Your 1st Response training will only be valid once all elements have been completed, including attending any in-person skills check and completing the e-learning. The 'completed on' date in GO should be the date you attended the main six hour training session or the date you attended the third of the three 2-hour sessions. Your 1st Response training will expire three years from this date, not from the date you complete the practical skills session.