---
title: Februrary 2021
date: 2021-02-01
year: 2021
---
### Subscriptions - How to change Membership Status
You will be charged the annual subscription for anyone who has their membership status set to ‘Member’. Occasional Helper, Residential Occasional Helper, Treasurer and Young External Volunteer roles all have optional membership, and their status can be changed to Recognised Volunteer. You will not be charged the annual subscription for anyone whose membership status is set to ‘Recognised Volunteer.

To change membership status, find the member under Individuals and then select View Individual from the action arrow at the end of the row with their name. You can then use the drop-down arrow in the Membership Status field to toggle between the two options ‘Member’ or ‘Recognised Volunteer’. Then click the Update button to update the record.

### First Response – Back-dated external Courses need new e-learning
Please be aware that if you wish to submit an external 1st Response course to be added to your record, you must first complete the new 1st Response e-learning. This applies to all external courses, new or backdated. We cannot add backdated courses without the e-learning, even though this was not mandatory at the time it was completed.

### New Roles - Active-Pending
If you have added new roles that remain Active-Pending, please check that Safe Space Level 1 has been completed. A role will not go Active without it, although the volunteer will not show in the Safe space Level 1 required table. They will also need to have completed any other recruitment checks required such as DBS and References.

If the role is an adult role where the person has turned 18 and was previously a young member please also check ‘Letter of Commendation’ under the Safe Practice tab. This needs to be completed and marked on GO before the role will go Active.

### YLQ Completions
Please try to send in YLQ completions in advance of the Young Leader’s 18th birthday. The Young Leader role is automatically set to Active Pending by GO on this date. Once the role is Active-Pending, GO prevents us adding the qualification to the record and this must be sent to HQ to be updated.