---
title: October 2021
date: '2021-09-30T19:08:53.092Z'
year: 2021
lastmod: '2021-09-30T19:08:53.092Z'
---

### DBS and Safe Space non-compliance process
DBS checks that were granted extensions to their expiry period, due to the pandemic, should all
now have been completed.

Please be aware that the non-compliance process, for both DBS checks and A Safe Space trainings,
is now in full operation. Volunteers have a 4 month notice period which starts 4 months **before** any
existing expiry date or from the date of the initial request. If the checks or trainings are not
completed within the notice period the volunteer is regarded as having breached Girlguiding policy
and the process of withdrawal/refusal of membership is initiated by HQ.

If there are mitigating circumstances for not being able to complete by the required date, you can
apply to have these taken into account. The request should be submitted at the earliest opportunity
by the volunteer or their Commissioner. Please contact Sheila Hill or Jenny Maskrey for more
information on how to apply.

### Historic Roles, Missing Qualifications - 30th Nov Deadline
Just a reminder. 30<sup>th</sup> November is the deadline for submission of any missing volunteer roles or
qualifications to be added to your GO record.

Email HQ on [membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk](mailto:membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk) For roles they will need to know your
membership number, role held, name of unit/district/division, level number (if known) and start
and end date. For qualifications they need to know your membership number, name of
qualification and start and completion dates. Please copy any email to
[membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk](mailto:membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) and [cc@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk](mailto:cc@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) so that Sheila
and Jenny are aware. If you need any help please contact Sheila in the first instance.
