---
title: May 2021
date: 2021-05-01
---
### Parent Volunteer Registration
If parents wish to become volunteers, they must register through their parent profile not through the enquiry system. This will prevent duplicate records and problems with email addresses, already in use in the system, preventing logins being created.

### Change in Young Leader and YLQ Registration Process
We have reviewed the use of the Young Leader form and have decided that this is no longer needed. Commissioners should add a Young Leader role as usual. If the Young Leader wishes to do the Young Leader Qualification (YLQ), their commissioner should add this on GO and mark as in progress.

To do this you need to:
<ul>
 	<li>Login to GO at District Level.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Click on the Learning tab and select Other Qualifications from the left hand menu.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Click on 'Add Qualification' at the top right of the first table.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Select Young Leader Qualification from the list of Qualifications.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Click on the spyglass to search for the mentee's name and select.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Click on the spyglass to search for the supporter/mentor and select.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Click on Submit.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Change the table view to see New Qualifications.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Find the YL and click on the action arrow at the end of the row.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
 	<li>Select ‘set in progress’.</li>
</ul>
When all modules have been completed, county will still need to verify and update the qualification on GO. The unit leader or commissioner should sign off the qualification and then email Amy Gilbert, County Young Leader Adviser at: <a href="mailto:YL@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk" target="_blank" rel="noopener">YL@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk</a> Amy will mark the qualification as completed and arrange for a badge and certificate to be sent out for presentation.

<strong>Action Needed Now: Unit Occasional Helpers</strong>
All Unit Occasional Helpers must now be changed, locally, to Unit Helpers. If not done by a certain date (tbc), HQ will do this. It would be better to discuss this change with your UOH now so that you can decide if this is the right role for them. They will have 120 days from creation of their new role to complete a DBS and Safe Space Levels 1 and 2. Membership is mandatory, and subscription will need to be paid next year.

<strong>Unit Residential Occasional Helpers</strong>
All Residential Occasional Helper roles have now been changed to Unit Helper.