---
title: December 2021
date: '2021-12-02T20:50:45.800Z'
lastmod: '2021-12-02T20:56:53.334Z'
---

### Guidance for moving or leaving your role 
If you, or another volunteer in your area, wants to move role or leave guiding completely, there is new guidance that will help you to manage this smoothly. Commissioners can use the new checklist to make sure everything is handed over when someone leaves a unit. This can be found on the Girlguiding UK website- [leaving or changing your role page](https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/running-your-unit/managing-your-team/leaving-or-changing-role/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener noreferrer"}
 
### Emergency File Updated 
The Unit (and other levels) Emergency File has been updated. All units and levels of guiding should have their own file and should take it to all activities. Please check that you have all current documents which can now be downloaded from the [emergency file page](https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/running-your-unit/safeguarding-and-risk/what-to-do-in-an-emergency/emergency-file/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener noreferrer"} on the Girlguiding UK website.

### Enquiries and DBS/Safe Space Compliance 
Please be aware that the compliance process applies to both members and enquirers. The 4-month notice period for enquirers starts immediately they are moved into Awaiting Recruitment Checks, in the Enquiry System. Please do not move enquirers onto this stage until you, and they, are ready to progress with the checks.   

### Unsuitable Referees 
There appears to be an unprecedented number of referees being rejected as unsuitable. In a number of cases this seems to be related to an attempt to respond and submit the reference on a phone or tablet. Please advise referees to use a PC wherever possible.

Referees must also respond within 60 days. The email is sent to them immediately their names are submitted on GO. Please ask volunteers to check that their referees have received the email and, if not, to check their email spam folder. Girlguiding emails are notorious for being rejected by email servers or spam filters.
