---
title: February 2022
date: 2021-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2022
lastmod: '2022-02-03T21:36:34.040Z'
---
### Unit Occasional Helpers – Obsolete and need to be replaced NOW 

We still have 42 Unit Occasional Helper roles within county. These roles were made obsolete in May 2021 and need to be removed now. Please contact the volunteer and discuss an appropriate role. You might want to consider moving them to district level where the Occasional Helper roles are still available. 

### Subscriptions – Who You pay for and how to change 

You will be charged the annual subscription for anyone who has their membership status set to ‘Member’. Occasional Helper, Residential Occasional Helper, Treasurer and Young External Volunteer roles all have optional membership, and their status can be changed to Recognised Volunteer. You will not be charged the annual subscription for anyone whose membership status is set to ‘Recognised Volunteer.’ 

To change membership status, find the member under Volunteer Roles and then select ‘Edit Individual’ from the action arrow at the end of the row with their name. Click Edit in the second panel, where you can see the Membership Status. You can then use the drop-down arrow in the Membership Status field to toggle between the two options ‘Member’ or ‘Recognised Volunteer’. Then click the Update bar at the bottom of your screen to update record. 

### New Learning Platform 

All members should, by now, have received an email with instructions about how to login to the new learning platform. All the Safe Space e-learnings plus many others, will now be done via this platform. 

Any new enquirers will need to create a login to GO first and will then need to create the login for the platform. Both GO and the Learning Platform use the same username but have different passwords. It is hoped that the two logins will eventually be joined so that you will only need one.  

### Death of a Member 

In the unfortunate event that you are faced with dealing with the death of a member, please contact one or all the following: County Commissioner, County GO Coordinator, County Office. Do not end any roles that the member may have, as this will trigger automatic emails from the GO system. County GO Coordinator will inform HQ, who will put a stop on the emails before ending any roles. HQ will also normally make available a person’s Guiding History report which may be useful.