---
title: June 2022
date: 2022-06-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2022
lastmod: 2022-06-05T19:43:34.358Z
---
### Update on GO Problems

Hopefully, you will all have seen the email that was sent out from HQ last Tuesday. This gave details of what happened to cause the catastrophic breakdown of the GO system, and the intended actions to get things back to normal. The wording from this email is copied below. The good news is that any updated data should not be lost in the reversal procedure.

{:.gg-blockquote}
> #### Problems with GO - what we're doing
>
> We wanted to let you know what we’re doing to solve the problems volunteers have been experiencing using GO. We know this is making your role as a volunteer harder than it needs to be, and we’re very sorry that this is still causing you difficulties. We want to explain how this happened, and what we’re doing to solve the problem.
>
> ##### What happened
>
> On 17 May we made an update to how GO works behind the scenes in response to a change in pricing structure from Microsoft. The goal of this was to make GO run faster, and improve everyone’s experience using it. Unfortunately, despite the testing we did to make sure the updates went smoothly, the changes have caused significant problems.
>
> Lots of you have helped since this happened by reporting the issues you’ve been having. We know that this has involved extra work, and we’re extremely grateful, as it’s really helped us to get an accurate picture of what’s wrong.
>
> ##### What we're doing
>
> Our IT teams have been hard at work investigating all the reported issues. As a result, we’ve decided to reverse the update. We’ve made this decision because it’s the best way to get GO up and running as fast as possible. We’re currently estimating that this will be done by Monday 13 June. We appreciate that this is not a speedy resolution, and we’re very sorry that the disruption is lasting for this long. Our IT teams are also identifying smaller fixes to some bugs that can be made before 13 June, and we’ll make those as soon as possible.
>
> Reversing the update will not affect any information that has been entered into GO since the problems began on 17 May. Your changes will still be saved and you will be able to access the latest data for your unit or area.
>
> Thanks to your help, we’re confident that we’re now aware of all the problems, so there’s no need to report them until we make the update. If you have any difficulties after 13 June, please contact <membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk> and include details of the issue, along with screenshots if possible. We’ll be in touch with you as soon as we can, although we may not be able to get back to you straight away due to a large volume of emails we are responding to.
>
> Finally, and most importantly, we’re very sorry that this has happened. Our goal is always to try and improve your experience as volunteers, so that you can spend more time doing what you love - creating great experiences for girls and young women. It’s clear we missed the mark with this update, and our IT team will be using all your feedback, and the lessons learnt, to carry out a full review and ensure that this doesn’t happen again.
