---
title: December 2022
date: 2022-12-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2022
lastmod: 2022-12-03T23:58:32.610Z
---
### Safe Space/Learning Platform

Please note that the update of Safe Space and other trainings can take up to three working days to appear on GO. Please be patient, especially over weekends. Trainings done on a Friday have been taking until Tuesday/Wednesday before appearing.

### Enquiries/Leader in Training Role

Please do not use the Leader in Training role when bringing people in from the enquiry system. Please use Unit Helper roles. The change to Leader in Training can then be made when the pre-requisite training, now required, has been completed on the Learning System.

### Returning adults

If a returning adult has been out of Guiding for 3 years or more, they will need to complete all recruitment checks including references and DBS. Please give ex-leaders/ex-assistant leaders a Unit Helper role initially so that these checks can be completed and their Leadership Qualification also checked. The current Leadership Qualification expires after 3 years if the holder has not held a leadership role in that time.

### Leaders in Training on Old LQ

Please remind mentees that the old version of the LQ must be completed by September 2023. Please allow time for the LQ to be sent off and verified when it is complete. Any Leader in Training following the old LQ, who has not completed by that time, will be changed to Unit Helper and will need to do the new Becoming A Leader training from scratch on the Learning Platform.

### Mentors – Reminder of new training required

All mentors will need to complete the mentor training on the Learning Platform before they can mentor anyone doing the new ‘Becoming A Leader’ qualification. Help to access GO and the Learning Platform can be found at <https://www.girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk/go/>

If you need further help please contact either Maureen or Sheila.  
