---
title: January 2023
date: 2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-02-02T20:31:47.948Z
---
{:.lead}
Happy New Year!

### Ongoing Changes to LQ in 2023

For anyone currently enrolled on the LQ - it must be completed and verified by September 2023. Please do not leave it until the last minute and please leave time for the county verification process to take place. Please complete Module 4 wherever possible as the Assistant Leader role will no longer be available after 2023 – see below.  

### Assistant Leader Roles – Beyond 2023

We are now entering the last phase of the transition from the ‘old’ Leadership Qualification to the new Leader Development Programme. The new Leader Development Programme does not distinguish between leaders and assistant leaders and the assistant leader role will no longer be available for general use beyond 2023. It may be added by HQ under special circumstances.

We are therefore being asked to encourage anyone who currently holds the assistant leader role to complete Module 4 of the Leadership Qualification to become Leaders. This does not mean that they will be expected to take on any extra responsibilities within their unit and should they choose not to complete Module 4 they will keep their assistant leader role but, should they step down from it and wish to return later, this role would not be available.

It is unclear what will be required if an assistant leader wishes to become a leader after the cut-off date of end of 2023. HQ are considering what could be put in place to enable this but it may mean starting from scratch on the Leader Development Programme.  

### Mod 4 – LQ Form  

A form is not needed for this but do please let [Maureen Kell](mailto:mentors@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) and/or [Sheila](mailto:membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk) know so that a mentor can be appointed.

### Subscriptions – Which roles do not attract subscriptions

Subscriptions are based on membership status, **not** on what role a person holds. Subscriptions are payable for all individuals whose membership status is set to ‘Member’. **Most roles** have **mandatory** membership and membership status will be set automatically to ‘Member’; GO will not allow any change to the status.

If membership status is set to **‘Recognised Volunteer’** subscriptions will not be payable. Membership status can be found and changed in the *Membership Details* section of someone’s record.

There are now only a few roles which have **optional membership** and will allow membership status to be set to ‘Recognised Volunteer’. These are:

#### Units

- Individual Support Unit Helper
- Unit Administrator
- Young External Volunteer

#### Districts

- District Helper
- District Treasurer

#### Divisions

- Division Helper
- Division Treasurer

Do please bear in mind that all these roles do **require** a **DBS** and at least **Safe Space Level 1.**

Please see the roles tables for full details of what checks/conditions apply to which roles. Links to the tables can be found towards the bottom of this page: <https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/policies/recruitment-and-vetting-policy/recruitment-procedure/>{:.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}
