---
title: September 2023
date: 2023-09-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-06-29T19:14:00.283Z
---
### Email address for Membership systems support

Please only use the <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> email address for Membership Systems queries. Emails to this address are given priority.

### Signatories  

If a signatory doesn’t have any other role in Girlguiding, you should record them on GO as an administrator at the appropriate level. They must have a DBS and safe space level 1.  

See the Girlguiding Finance Policy at <https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/information-for-volunteers/policies/finance-policy/>

### Time Limits for enquirers to complete recruitment checks

Please be aware that the time limits for enquirers to complete recruitment checks are the same as for an existing volunteer renewing their DBS or safe space training. These time limits are enforced by HQ and can result in membership being refused if not completed within the 120 day limit. Please do not let people linger in awaiting recruitment checks, as being chased for these checks is not a great experience for anyone, let alone a new enquirer.  

Please also be aware that an enquirer can only visit a unit up to 4 times before they start their checks. In addition, during these visits:

- A leader or assistant leader (who has completed their recruitment and vetting process and has an up-to-date disclosure check with Girlguiding) must always supervise them. They must not be left alone with young members.
- The enquirer must have read and agreed to follow our [unit safeguarding guidelines.](https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/information-for-volunteers/running-your-unit/safeguarding-and-risk/unit-safeguarding-guidelines/){:.external-link}{:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener"}
- Their recruitment checks must be started. ‘Started’ means references have been requested and, if needed for their role, they’ve submitted their application for a disclosure check.

### LQ should be completed by end of September

The Leadership Qualification (LQ) comes to an end, at the end of September.  If 1st response is still outstanding, or the mentee has not yet turned 18, an extension may be allowed for this. Everything else must be completed. Safe space 14-17 will be accepted for young leaders, in place of safe space 1 and 2.
