---
title: May 2023
date: 2023-05-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-04-30T07:22:17.403Z
---
### Leader Development Programme/Leadership Qualification – appointment of mentors

Sally Settle is now handling the appointment of mentors for the LDP. You should contact Sally on her <volunteer@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> email address. Maureen Kell will continue to appoint mentors for the LQ until it comes to an end in September  

### LQ ends in September

Anybody doing the current LQ or wishing to add extra Mod 1s and Mod 4s, must complete by end of August to allow time for these to be verified and added to GO.  So far, there is no know mechanism being offered to complete these modules after the cut off date for the LQ. Anyone who has not completed their LQ in time will be required to transfer to the Leader Development Programme (LDP) and will start from scratch.

### Volunteer Enquiries – reminder of 120-day compliance window for recruitment checks

Volunteer enquirers have 120 days to complete the recruitment checks once they have been moved into the Awaiting Recruitment Checks area in Volunteer Enquiries. It is suggested that you do not move enquiries into Awaiting Recruitment Checks until you/they are ready to do their DBS and add referees. Moving them into this area of enquiries starts the clock ticking to get the recruitment checks done. Too many enquiries are falling foul of compliance due to not getting them completed in the 4-month time frame allowed.

### Safe Space Level 3 -180-day compliance window introduced

The compliance window for the completion of Safe Space Level 3 (SSL3) has been extended to start 180 days before expiry of any existing SSL3 or from the point at which it becomes required for your role. Hopefully this will allow people a better chance to be able to book on to a webinar in good time. Please remember that, even if you complete the training before a previous expiry date, it will still run from that expiry date and you will not lose any time.

### Individual Details Report – withdrawal of full unit request

The ability to run the individual details report for a whole unit has been removed, as parents or carers can now log into GO and update their and their child's information. This change reduces the risk of data sharing and encourages the parent or carer to take responsibility for their own data. The unit leader will be notified if they make any changes.

### Events - changes to GO navigation for events/RENs

Everything you need to plan events and submit residential event notification (REN) forms can now be found under the ‘Events’ tab at the top of GO’s main page. Instructions on how to complete a REN form as an event organiser can be found in the Help Zone.

### Leader Development Programme webinars - compulsory webinars now being offered by Anglia region

Girlguiding Anglia are now delivering a trial set of the 5 compulsory LDP webinars on their own pages on the Learning platform. The first session was on April 17 and hopefully be other sessions if the trial is successful. Participants should book as soon as possible as they’ll be open to Anglia members only for the first week and then open to anyone across the UK.

- [Celebrating every member](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/course/view.php?id=656)
- [Doing Our Best – Recognising and celebrating quality in your unit](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/course/view.php?id=657)
- [Effective communication for leaders](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/course/view.php?id=659) – first session 17 April
- [Introduction to managing unit accounts](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/course/view.php?id=658)
- [Risky business – A guide to keeping everyone safe](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/course/view.php?id=655)
