---
title: February 2023
date: 2023-02-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-02-02T20:36:10.268Z
---
### LQ/LDP – Transition Dates

#### Now

All new Leaders in Training must first complete the initial stages of the Leadership Development Programme (LDP) and enrol on the ‘Becoming A Leader’ course before a Leader in Training role can be entered for them. They should notify their district commissioner when they have reached this stage so that the role can be added. When their Leader in Training role has been added, they should go back into the Learning Platform to unlock the course. At this point they will appear on the Leader in Training Coordinator’s list of people needing a mentor. The county Leader in Training Coordinator will appoint a mentor who should contact their mentee within 2 weeks.

#### August/September 2023

All those currently registered as Leaders in Training and following the old Leadership Qualification syllabus **must complete by mid-September,** allowing enough time for the county verification process to be completed by the end of September. *Please do not leave this until the last minute!*

#### End of 2023

The assistant leader role will become obsolete except for special circumstances. Wherever possible, assistant leaders need to have completed Module 4 of the LQ and their role changed to leader. **This does not mean that they will be expected to take on any extra duties.**  

#### January 2024

Assistant leader role will only be able to be added by HQ under special circumstances. There may be a training provided for those assistant leaders who have not yet completed Module 4 and wish to transition to leader but this is not yet definite and is under review.

### LQ Module 4 – Clarification

LQ Module 4 is not section based and does not need to be repeated if a leader moves to or takes on, another section.

### Assistant leader roles where Module 4 is already completed, to be changed to leader  

At some point within the transition period assistant leader roles, where the person has already completed Module 4, will be changed to leader. Commissioners (in Hertfordshire) will be consulted beforehand to ensure that this is appropriate.  

### Subscriptions - Check that people are in the correct roles

At this time of year with subscriptions process in full swing, it is a good time to review people’s roles:

- Are they fulfilling the job description?
- Are they accruing service when in reality they shouldn’t?
- Is this the most suitable role?

If the answer to any of these questions is No, then you should consider discussing a more appropriate role.

Links to the role tables showing what each requires in terms of DBS, Safe Space, Membership and whether or not they accrue service (when the volunteer is also a member) can be found towards the bottom of Girlguiding’s Recruitment and Vetting Procedure webpage:

- <https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/making-guiding-happen/policies/recruitment-and-vetting-policy/recruitment-procedure/>{:.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}
