---
title: November 2023
date: 2023-11-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
---
### Email address for Membership Systems Support

Please only use the <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> email address for Membership Systems queries. Emails to this address will be given priority over any sent to a personal guiding email address.

{:#leadership-qualifications-nov23}
### Leadership qualifications (LQs), LQ mentor roles and leader development programme (LDP) mentor roles

The old LQ has just a few people left awaiting 1st response courses and the LQ mentor has their books. All other LQs and modules in progress will be marked as abandoned.

There are two new e-learnings for those wishing to change sections or completing the equivalent of the old Module 4 to become a Leader (where modules 1-3 are already held).

This means that the old LQ mentor roles are now at an end and are gradually being removed. Where people have agreed to continue, they will be replaced with the new LDP mentor role.

{:#safe-space-nov23}
### A safe space level 2, my role - stuck on 12%

There are a lot of instances where people are getting stuck after watching the video in the first section, my role, of a safe space level 2. The section shows as 12% and people cannot access anything after the video. Unfortunately, this is something that cannot be fixed locally and you will need to contact membership systems at HQ to get this resolved. You can do this by phoning them on 0207 834 6242 or emailing <membershipsystems@girlguiding.org.uk>
