---
title: June 2023
date: 2023-06-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-06-02T11:33:19.132Z
---
### A safe space training

Some records are still being impacted by the ‘MOT- style’ dates not working. If you have completed a safe space training within the compliance window, some records do not show properly as continuing from the previous expiry date. Please check your record and if the dates of the safe space trainings do not follow on from each other, please let me know.

### Emergency contact report

The emergency contact report now generates in fewer pages and is easier to view. The report appears as a password-protected PDF which downloads onto your device or desktop. The temporary password will show on screen once your report has downloaded.

### Going Away With (GAW) – a safe space level 3

If you’re a GAW licence holder and you’re planning to take girls away, please remember you’ll need a safe space level 3. If you’ve already done the course, please check that it’s up to date. You can do this through the learning platform or GO.

### Confusion over 180-day compliance window

There appears to be some confusion over the extension of the compliance window to 180 days. This only applies to a safe space level 3, not to other a safe space levels or DBS.  

### Updated help document for GO and Learning Platform logins

Please read the updated version of the help document for setting up logins to GO and the Learning Platform.  Pass this on to anyone struggling with these.

[Updated instructions for setting up Go and Learning Platform access](/go/)

Please use the <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> email address for all Membership Systems queries.
