---
title: October 2023
date: 2023-10-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
---
### Email address for Membership Systems Support

Please use the <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> email address for all Membership Systems queries. Emails to this address will be given priority over any addressed to the county membership systems coordinator’s personal email address.

### Leadership qualification (LQ) withdrawn

The leadership qualification (LQ) has now come to an end and has been replaced by the leader development programme (LDP). All outstanding LQ workbooks should have already been submitted to the county leadership qualification verifier for verification.  

### Assistant leader roles where volunteer holds LQ module 4 being changed to leader

Assistant leader roles, where the volunteer holds LQ module 4 are being gradually changed to leader, in line with HQ requirements. It would help greatly if DC's could check and change these themselves, especially for any newly qualified leaders or those who have added a mod 4.  

### Change to process for adding external first aid qualifications

A new process for verification of an external first aid qualification is being introduced. Decisions will now be made at region level, not at county. Please continue to submit these to the county office as usual, with evidence of certificate and syllabus followed. They will then be sent to a verifier at region who will check the evidence against criteria, and make a decision, requesting further information if necessary. The verifier will then share their decision with county and ask for any favourable decision to be uploaded to GO once elearning has also been completed.
