---
title: July 2023
date: 2023-07-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2023
lastmod: 2023-06-29T19:14:00.283Z
---
### Old leadership qualification (LQ) – IMPORTANT

Any modules for the old LQ should be completed by the end of September, including extra mod 1s and 4s for people changing section or from assistant leaders to leaders. Please submit these as soon as possible to allow time for the verification stage at county level.

In certain circumstances HQ may allow an extension to the end of the year. After September 2023 we are told that there will be a top-up learning launched for assistant leaders who want to move into a leader role.

### Old LQ and young leaders

Young leaders working on the old LQ, who have not turned 18 by the end of September and have therefore not completed modules that need them to have turned 18 and made their Girlguiding promise, can send evidence of these to HQ who will add them to their record.  

### A safe space training not synched in June

Some a safe space training courses were not synched to GO from the learning platform in early June. HQ have been working hard and these should all now have been updated. Please check your records to make sure they reflect your training.  

### A safe space level 3 renewal elearning launched

A safe space level 3 has been amended and a new elearning renewal course can now be completed on the learning platform, which only takes 30 minutes to complete. Attendance at a webinar or face to face session is no longer necessary for renewals. Hopefully this will make it a lot easier to complete.
