---
title: June 2024
date: 2024-06-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2024
---
### Leaders returning after 3+ years

If a leader has qualified as leader via the leadership qualification (LQ) or the leader development programme (LDP), but they have been away from guiding for 3+ years, their qualification will have expired.

They should speak to an LDP mentor who can help identify any learning needs to complete. The top up elearning course on the [learning platform](https://learning.girlguiding.org.uk/login/){:.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} is recommended, and the programme overview and moving sections courses might be appropriate. Once mentor and commissioner are happy, the leader role can be reinstated. For their commissioner to add the leader role, they will first need to add the new ‘Returning leader after 3+ years’ course onto GO.  

However, please be aware that there is currently a problem with the ‘Returning leader after 3+ years’ course and it is not currently available to add on to GO. If you have someone in this situation and you cannot add a new leader role for them, please contact the county membership systems coordinator.

### Changes and eventual removal of ‘individuals’ tab in GO

Changes are happening which will hopefully make it easier for leaders to find details for people in their unit. Information found under the current Individuals tab will be moved to other areas.  

The ‘Individuals’ list will be moved to a new tab called ‘Contact this unit’. This will make it easier to view and download email addresses for people in your unit, in a single step.

The information about previous members will move to a new stand-alone ‘previous members’ tab.

The new tabs are expected to be available in GO by the end of May. The existing Individuals tab will be kept for a short time, with a message explaining how to get the information via the new tabs. The Individuals tab will be removed in the next few months, once the new tabs are up and running.

This change will also affect those with commissioner and level support access who can currently see the Individuals tab, but all the information will continue to be available via other tabs.

### Young leaders with Ranger roles not appearing on Letter of Commendation list

There is a known error affecting girls turning 18 not appearing on the letter of commendation list but showing as requiring references. This appears to affect those who also hold a Ranger role (until age 19). HQ are investigating.
