---
title: September 2024
date: 2024-09-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2024
---
### Learning and development updates

The ‘doing our best’ webinar is now live as an e-learning on the learning platform. Girlguiding (HQ) are planning to launch the ‘managing unit accounts’ e-learning by the end of this year. You can book sessions run by other regions if their availability is more suitable.

### Transitional ages

The upper age range for a young member will change to an individual’s 19th birthday rather than their 26th birthday. This change has been made in partnership with Girlguiding’s inclusion team and was discussed and agreed by the safer guiding working group.

The upper age for Rangers was previously amended to an individual’s 19th birthday but left the option for flexible transitions between sections for individuals who need more support, allowing them to remain in young member roles until their 26th birthday. This further change reflects the successful introduction of the supported volunteer role, which allows an adult who requires additional support to move into an adult role.

If anyone needs support in changing roles, please contact <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk>

### Starting a new unit - support pack  

A document to support volunteers who are opening new units has been created by Girlguiding Anglia and is designed to complement the information on the Girlguiding website. They will send this out to units that open on GO and will offer support and the new region unit grant.  

### Senior Section adviser roles obsolete

Girlguiding are retiring the senior section adviser role on 30 September. We have a small handful of people with these roles in county and they and/or their commissioners  will be contacted to decide which new role is most suitable.  

### Learning to fly – commissioner training  

Learning to fly is the new programme for commissioner learning, development and support, open to commissioners and designates at all levels in Girlguiding Anglia.

A virtual topic will be offered each month on a rolling basis, starting with ‘Managing difficult meetings and conversations’ on Tuesday 17th September 7.30 to 9.00pm.

The aim of this session is to give you confidence and share top tips and best practice with other commissioners. To book your place, click on the link below.

[Book your place](https://www.girlguiding-anglia.org.uk/events/commissioner-training-opportunities/learning-to-fly){:.btn.btn-primary.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}

Other sessions will include:

- Young leaders / young external volunteers DofE enquiries
- The leadership development programme
- RENS
- Succession planning
- Plus, lots more!

Also, there will be a face-to-face day event on Saturday 29th March 2025 at Ely College so save the date!

### Four steps to recruitment success  

Region’s ‘four steps to recruitment’ trainings are now live.  It is suggested that when division or district teams come with two or more people, they get the most out of the day. The feedback from those who do attend is good. If you have areas with opportunities, or new teams and commissioners, they will benefit from attending.

There are face-to-face bookings or a series of three virtual sessions.

More information and bookings can be found here: <https://www.girlguiding-anglia.org.uk/events/four-steps-to-recruitment-success>

Please email <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk> if you require support.
