---
title: February 2025
date: 2025-02-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2025
---
### Subscriptions process checks – number of people  

Please check early, don’t leave it until it’s too late to correct. Allow time for overnight updates.

Check that your invoice has the correct number of people. We have found invoices that included:

- People who have left guiding
- People appearing twice
- People with their main role in the wrong level.

### Subscriptions process – members vs recognised volunteers

If you have people on your invoice who you don’t think should be there, and they are in a role with optional membership, please remember to check if their membership status is set to ‘member’ or’ recognised volunteer’. We pay for members but not for recognised volunteers.  

### Recent GO updates

_For more information on the topics below please see ‘Improvements, features and bug fixing’ under the GO help files_

- **Adding a completed interest badge or skills builder**  
There is a new option for adding completed interest badges or skills builders in one go.  
- **Safer guiding views**  
2 new views to the safer guiding tab for commissioners and level support, showing volunteers who need to complete a safe space level 4, and young volunteers who are recommended to complete a safe space 14-17.
- **A safe space level 4**  
As part of the safer guiding changes, the valid to date has been removed from a safe space level 4 and instead has been made a pre-requisite for roles that require it.
- **Young leader development programme (YLDP) recording**  
Young leader coordinators can now add YLDP courses (modules) and badges for young leaders in their area.
