---
title: July 2025
date: 2025-07-05T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2025
---
### URGENT - learning platform downtime and safer guiding updates

The safer guiding course is being updated and will be unavailable to all users on Tuesday 29 July, 9am - 12 noon. You won’t be able to login or complete any online learning during this time.  Please use the below link for further information about how this may affect you, especially for those who are part way through the elearning:

- <https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/information-for-volunteers/learning-and-development/safer-guiding/>{:.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}

Please ensure you've completed any quizzes or safeguarding topics you're working through **before** Tuesday 29 July to avoid losing progress. The changes do not affect the safer guiding basics course.

#### If you’re partway through your training...

Any partially completed quizzes or progress on the safeguarding topic won’t be recovered after the update. We encourage you to complete these prior to the downtime window on 29 July.

The status of any topics and quizzes you’ve already completed may temporarily appear as incomplete after the update. The completion status will be reinstated as soon as possible. You won’t be able to fully complete the course until this happens.

#### If you haven’t completed safer guiding due to failed quiz attempts...

The status of the failed attempts will be reset after the update. You’ll be able to retake the quizzes you’ve failed and complete the course after 12 noon on 29 July.

### Serious incident process reminder

A quick reminder that the process for responding to serious incidents has been updated.

If a serious accident or incident occurs at a Girlguiding event or meeting that requires a call to emergency services – such as any fatality, life-changing injury, or event that causes immediate risk of harm to others - you **must** contact our new emergency health and safety line on **020 7592 1828 within 1 hour.** Please make sure you save this phone number. Support is available 24/7.

### Enhancements to the identity checking process

The second phase of changes, outlined below, went live in the DBS service from 29 May 2025. You should see this message next time you login to the DBS site, if you haven’t already logged in since that date.  

ID document rule changes:

- Expired UK passports: UK passports expired within the past 6 months are now accepted as valid identification.
- BRPs (Biometric Residence Permits): Can be accepted for ID purposes up to 18 months after expiry, if they show Indefinite Leave to Remain and Indefinite Leave to Enter.
- Bank statements: Printed statements issued within the last 3 months are valid if stamped and signed by the issuing bank.
- Apprenticeship provider letters: Accepted as valid full-time education evidence for individuals aged 16-19.
- P45 and P60 statements: Must be original documents and cannot be accepted in online format.
- Government and council letters: Acceptable letters can confirm entitlement to benefits. For example: Personal Independence Payment (PIP), free school meals, universal credit, asylum support etc.

DBS procedural guidance changes:

- Transgender applicant support: Additional guidance provided for those choosing to apply via the sensitive applications route.
- Address proof requirement removed: A current address document is no longer required.
- Right to Work documentation removed: This is no longer part of the DBS ID documentation requirements.

### Reference process changes

Volunteer enquirers can now record their own referee details on GO by going to the references section on their My safe practice summary page. A new ‘add referee details’ help file explaining how to do this has been created.

Commissioners will still be able to monitor the process on GO and add and amend referees manually if needed but GO communications about references will go directly to the volunteer enquirer.

### Recording the new Guide ready, set, lead badges on GO

Leaders can record the completion of the new Guide age “ready, set, lead” leadership challenge badge and/or the leadership in action badge on GO. The ‘record other badges and activities on GO’ help file, explains how to add these achievements. More information about resources can be found at <https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/what-we-do/guides/ready-set-lead/>{:.external-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}

### Young leader qualification (YLQ) retirement and GO

The young leader qualification is being retired and any young leader still working on it, needs to finish it by the end of the summer term. Commissioners will have until September to add any final completed qualifications to GO. After that, completed YLQs can be added by contacting the membership systems team at HQ.
