---
title: July 2026
date: 2026-07-01T00:00:00.000Z
year: 2026
---
### Assistant leader roles - phasing out by end of August

There is a new push to clear assistant leader roles on GO by the end of August. Assistant leader roles were originally set to end in 2024 but this was put on hold, until now.

Assistant leaders who already hold a Mod 4 and have it showing on their record should be changed to leader, regardless of what responsibilities they may or may not undertake in the unit. Before any changes are made to these roles, the county membership systems coordinator will be contacting DCs to check there are no reasons why this change should not be made.

Those who believe that they have completed Mod 4, but do not have it showing on their record, will need to provide proof of a Mod 4 or evidence that a historic qualification was imported to GO and only modules 1-3 were credited. If no evidence or historic qualification can be found, they will need to do the top-up e-learning.

Anyone who has not currently gained a Mod 4 will be asked to do the top-up e-learning.

### Leader roles - active pending due to new checks

Due to the recent changes on GO, some leader roles may go active pending. You must have one of either Mod 4 of the old LQ, the top-up e-learning, or the new becoming a leader (LDP) on your record. The leader criteria has not changed, but GO now checks this criteria, where previously it did not.

If you are affected by this, please contact the county membership systems coordinator on <membership@girlguidinghertfordshire.org.uk>.
