---
title: January 2026
date: 2026-01-03T07:47:00z
year: 2026
---
### Volunteer recruitment tool

A link from GO to the new volunteer recruitment tool has been added for commissioners and level support roles.  

### Compliance process - changes to email notifications from GO

The email notifications sent from GO to people who need to complete safer guiding or do a disclosure check, have been updated. These should now make it clearer within the email what they need to do and when.

The emails sent to commissioners have also been updated, to enable them to see that a GO notification is about someone with an overdue training or disclosure check.  

Please read the [‘Safer guiding communications’ GO helpfile](https://gggoportal.blob.core.windows.net/goportal/help/Safer%20guiding%20communications%20on%20GO.pdf){:.external-link} for more details about what information is sent to volunteers, at each stage of the compliance process.

### Process for notification of death of a member

In the unfortunate event that you are faced with dealing with the death of a member, please do not end any roles that the member may have, as this will trigger automatic emails from the GO system. Please contact one or all the following: county commissioner, county GO coordinator, county office. The county GO coordinator will download a guiding history report and inform HQ, who will put a stop on the emails before ending any roles. Please also let the county office know next of kin details (name and address) so a sympathy card from county can be sent.
