---
title: 'Forward - CUSAGC'
date: 2024-01-28T14:47:00Z
image: null
categories:
    - Things to do
tags: []
---
Forward is Cambridge University Scout and Guide Club's (CUSAGC) annual incident hike for Scouts and Guides (aged 10-14).  This year it takes place on Saturday 2 March in Swaffham Prior in East Cambridgeshire.  

Taking the form of a 10 mile hike, with 5 checkpoints spaced around the route where challenges allow teams to earn points. Teams must completed the route within a 7 hour time limit.

Teams are made up of 4-6 members, and you can have an additional chaperone to assist with navigation (a decision made and arranged by the team's Guide/Scout leader).

3 trophies are up for grabs; one for Scout teams, one for Girlguiding teams and one for chaperoned teams.

**Cost:** £20 per team

To enter, complete and submit the entry form contained within the information pack, by Saturday 17 February.  Once you receive confirmation of your place payment for the team and any badges ordered should be made by BACS.

[Information pack and health form](/assets/images/2024/01/cusagc-forward.webp){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank}

The health/contact form which also needs completing, and can be found in the information pack and can either be submitted before the event or brought with you on the day.

We are also looking for volunteers to help run the event, assisting with running bases, driving, cooking, admin etc.  Please get in touch on <forward@cusagc.org.uk> if you are able to help.
