---
title: Forward 2025
date: 2025-01-26T08:31:00Z
image: /assets/images/2025/01/forward2025.webp
categories:
  - Things to do
author:
  display_name: County admin
---
Entries are now open for 'Forward 2025', Cambridge University Scouts and Guides Club (CUSAGC)’s annual day incident hike for members of Scouts and Guides aged 10 and over (that includes leaders!).

This year’s event is taking place on **Saturday 8 March** in Great Eversden near Cambridge.

The challenge is for teams of 4-6 to gain points by visiting as many checkpoints as possible in 7 hours, over a distance of between 10 - 16 miles.

Teams are given grid references for the checkpoints and must choose their own route, starting and finishing at Eversden Village Hall. The majority of checkpoints are unmanned, but teams can gain more point at manned checkpoints where there are further challenges to complete.

Separate trophies for Girlguiding and Scouting teams are up for grabs!

Entry fee: £20 per team (includes hot drinks at the halfway base and hot snacks and drink at the end of the day, as well as covering the other running costs of the event).

Blanket badges can be purchased at an additional cost of £2 each. These can be paid for at the same time as the team entry fee.

Download your entry form below.

Entry forms and payment must be returned by **Saturday 10 February.**

Entries are first come, first served and places are limited. Confirmation and final details will be sent out shortly after entries close.

The entry pack contains further information about the event, FAQs, entry form, letter to parents, health/contact form, kit list and event rules.

Leaders who are not taking part, but would like to help out can get in touch on <forward@cusagc.org.uk> to volunteer.

Find out more about this event on the CUSAGC website: <https://cusagc.soc.srcf.net/forward/>

[Entry form](/assets/docs/2025/forward-2025-entry-pack.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.word-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}
