---
title: Great Patrol Hunt - round 3
date: 2024-06-26T20:02:00 +01:00
banner_image: /assets/images/2023/09/great-patrol-hunt-banner.webp
event:
    start_date: '2025-06-27'
    end_date: '2025-06-29'
    address: null
    contact_name: null
    contact_email: null
    contact_number: ''
    book_now_link: ''
    image: '/assets/images/2025/05/gph.webp'
    type:
        - Activity
        - Residential
    age-group:
        - Guides
    location:
        - Hertfordshire
---
Round 3 of this year’s Great Patrol Hunt Guide competition, is taking place from **6pm on Friday 27 - 12pm Sunday 29 June 2025** at Wymondley Wood. This is a camping round and accommodation will be in tents.

Patrols must consist of 4-6 Guides (aged 10-15 years old and a member of a Guide unit for each round they complete in), and should not include more than 10 different members throughout the 3 rounds.

To participate in round 3, the final stage of the competition, either a patrol and at least 2 members must have competed in one of the previous rounds, or a new patrol must be accompanied by one of its unit leaders.

If your girls have been part of a **GPH ‘Maverick’ patrol** in either of the last two rounds these girls are eligible to apply for Round 3 and if they are still not a full team we will again match them up.

Cost: **£25 per person.**

**Entry form** together with **payment,** completed **information and consent forms** and **health forms** must be submitted by **23 May.**

Please note, separate information and consent forms and health forms must be submitted for each individual attending.

Places are allocated on a first come, first served basis. On acceptance of your entry patrol instructions will be emailed to the unit leader, after the closing date.

[Entry form](/assets/docs/2025/gph-r3-24-25-entry-form.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Camp kit list](/assets/docs/2025/gph-r3-24-25-camp-kit-list.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Information and consent form](/assets/docs/2025/gph-r3-24-25-information-and-consent-form.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Health form](/assets/docs/2025/gph-r3-24-25-health-form.doc){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}

For more information and the winners of rounds 1 and 2 of the 24/25 event, visit the [Great Patrol Hunt webpage.](/great-patrol-hunt/)
