---
title: Great Patrol Hunt - round 3
date: 2025-07-05T08:12:00 +01:00
banner_image: /assets/images/2023/09/great-patrol-hunt-banner.webp
event:
    start_date: '2026-06-26'
    end_date: '2026-06-28'
    address: null
    contact_name: null
    contact_email: null
    contact_number: ''
    book_now_link: ''
    image: '/assets/images/2026/03/gph-r3-open.webp'
    type:
        - Activity
        - Residential
    age-group:
        - Guides
    location:
        - Hertfordshire
        - 'Hertfordshire, North'
---
Bookings now open!

Round 3 of this year's Great Patrol Hunt Guide competition, is taking place from 6pm on Friday 26 - 12pm Sunday 28 June 2026 at Wymondley Wood Scout and Guide Centre.

This is a camping round and accommodation will be in tents.

Patrols must consist of 4-6 Guides (aged 10-15 years old and a member of a Guide unit for each round they complete in) and should not include more than 10 different members throughout the 3 rounds.

To participate in round 3, the final stage of the competition, either a patrol and at least 2 members must have competed in one of the previous rounds, or a new patrol must be accompanied by one of its unit leaders.

If your girls have been part of a GPH 'Maverick' patrol in either of the last two rounds these girls are eligible to apply for round 3 and if they are still not a full team we will again match them up.

Cost: £30 per person.

Entry form together with payment, completed information and consent forms and health forms must be submitted before 25 May.

Please note, separate information and consent forms and health forms must be submitted for each individual attending.

Places are allocated on a first come, first served basis. On acceptance of your entry patrol instructions will be emailed to the unit leader, after the closing date.

[Entry form](/assets/docs/2026/gph-r3-entry-form.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Camp kit list](/assets/docs/2026/gph-r3-camp-kit-list.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Information and consent form](/assets/docs/2026/gph-r3-information-and-consent-form.docx){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"} [Health form](/assets/docs/2026/gph-r3-health-form.doc){:.btn.btn-primary.download-link}{:rel="noopener"}{:target="_blank"}

For more information and the winners of rounds 1 and 2 of the 25/26 event, visit the [Great Patrol Hunt webpage.](/great-patrol-hunt/)
